Link pointing to sharepoint (#1314)
MicrosoftDocs/cloud-adoption-framework: docs/scenarios/oracle-iaas/oracle-disaster-recovery-oracle-landing-zone.md

Learn about design considerations for Oracle on Azure Virtual Machines landing zone accelerator security in an enterprise-scale scenario.

> [Security guidelines for Oracle on Azure Virtual Machines landing zone accelerator](./oracle-security-guideline-landing-zone.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Security guidelines for Oracle on Azure Virtual Machines landing zone accelerator](./oracle-security-guideline-landing-zone.md).
```

> [Security guidelines for Oracle on Azure Virtual Machines landing zone accelerator](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/scenarios/oracle-iaas/oracle-security-guideline-landing-zone)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Security guidelines for Oracle on Azure Virtual Machines landing zone accelerator](./oracle-security-guideline-landing-zone.md)
```
